meta: add more information about nightly releases (#55084)
nodejs/node: README.md

<https://nodejs.org/download/nightly/>

Each directory and filename includes the version (e.g., `v22.0.0`),
followed by the UTC date (e.g., `20240424` for April 24, 2024),

> and the short SHA of the latest commit (e.g., `ddd0a9e494`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the short commit SHA of the HEAD of the release (e.g., `ddd0a9e494`).
```
